The goal of this video is to show you the proven path to make your first million dollars step by step. And I know it works because I've done it. So this is gonna be a video that I think anyone, no matter what stage you're at, whether you're at your 1st $10,000 a month, whether you're at zero, even if you're at a hundred thousand dollars a month, it's really gonna break down exactly what you need to do and how you should think about your entrepreneurial journey.

So I've been an entrepreneur for around seven years now, and it took me five years to make my first million dollars. And I think anyone can do that. As long as you're obsessed with learning and you're actually taking what you're learning and putting it into action immediately.

A lot of people just spend time learning, and then instead of going out and practicing and potentially failing, they just spend more time learning and trick themselves that they're being productive, when the best way to actually learn is by putting it into action, failing three times to then see your success on your fourth try. I learned this from people on YouTube. People like Iman Gadji.

People like Alex RamosI, alex Becker, sam Ovens. These are all people that I've been observing from afar for the last five years myself. I'm not much different than you.

I just happen to have a YouTube channel and I just happen to have put their words into action. And now I'm probably viewed as someone similar to them, even though it's really weird because I was just watching them on YouTube just a few years ago. But I want to break down this path so you guys can clearly see what it takes to actually make a million dollars and how you should think about it, no matter where you are.

So let's talk. Let's just jump right into it. So, first things first.

What you guys need to understand is there's four levels to business and you can't shortcut it. You have to put the time in at each level or each step before you can move up to the next step. So I'm going to share kind of testimonials from my own story and put it into context with this framework that I'm laying out here.

So let's say you want to make your 1st $10,000. You are stuck. You don't make any money, you don't really have any skills, and you're just wondering what you should do.

You're probably watching every single one of these beginner business videos. Should I make an SMMA? Should I do? Drop shipping? Should I do bubble AI like I talk about on my channel? What should I do? And your answer is none of them. You need a single skill.

You just need to get good at something. Everybody is trying to start a Drop Shipping or an SMA or a software company from the start when that is actually level two. Level one is just get good at one single skill and sell that to people who need it.

So for me, my single skill was video. I literally just had a camera hit record and then went home, edited it, and then gave those to my clients for a few hundred bucks. So that was my first client, $200.

He was throwing a nightclub event in Kansas City. I went out there, hit record, recorded the event, came home and edited it. And he paid me $200 for that that single skill.

And so that skill is something that I had to evolve time over time over time to become really good at making videos. But when I started, I knew literally nothing other than how to hit record and how to maybe edit it. And so over that time, I got really good at making videos.

So then I could start charging $500, $1,000, $2,000 per client. But before we go into that story, I want to break down the framework that you guys need to think about this. So step one is get really good at a skill.

Then step two, hopefully you're so good at this skill that everyone is seeing you. So everyone saw my videos and I had my logo at the end. And so then more people would be like, wow, that video is really good.

I want that for my company or for my family or whatever it is. I want to hire him as well. And so then I had the point where I had too many clients.

I had so many people that wanted videos from me, I didn't have enough time to do it myself. So I needed to find other people in my local area that could go out and record videos for my clients. So let's say a client wanted a video like mine.

They wanted to pay $1,000. I would go find someone who would make the video for $300. And then I my company, which is now an agency, would make $700 profit.

So that's when you go into the agency model, okay? And the agency model is where you can start making your 1st $100,000 because you're leveraging other people's time instead of your time. So for me, it was a video agency which then transitioned into a marketing agency because I realized that basically one of my clients, I recorded a product video for him, just like a normal video client. But then he started telling me how well it was performing as an ad.

He was getting clicks that were a third the price before his previous or than his previous videos. And so then I'm like, maybe if I add another skill, learning how to run ads, not only can I make videos for these companies, but I can also make the ads for them, which would then let them pay me more. And so that's when my marketing agency started.

It was just a natural progression from that initial skill of video and marketing is a little bit of like a niche adjacent move. But if whatever skill you choose, whether it's like SEO development, sales, copywriting is probably a good one, whatever it is, there's dozens of skills that you can choose from. I mean, even make websites for people.

That's probably a good one as well. Just basic services that every business or every person could need. That's a skill that you can start using as a freelancer.

And then once you get good at it, you have a lot of clients, then you start finding other people that are at the freelancer level for you to start doing the work for you. And now you're just focused on getting more clients. So with video, I had to literally go, I had to find the client, I had to sell them, agree on a price.

Then I had to go out there, shoot the video, come home, edit it, deliver it to them, make adjustments, and then finally get paid, which is a really long process. I could only do like three or four videos a week if I was working my ass off. But once I had enough clients, I then started an agency, got two or three other video people.

Now I could handle up to ten to 15 clients per month. And that's how I made the most money I ever made in one month, which was $33,000 with my video marketing agency. So that is what you want to do for your 1st 100K.

But the problem with that is you can't really go much past 100 200K with an agency without hiring dozens and dozens of people. So the problem with the agency model is it's very hard to scale. And now you're just managing people.

Because if you want to scale, basically think of an agency like this. There's four people per team, and each team can make you like $25,000 per month. So if you want to make one hundred K per month, you need four teams making you twenty five k per month.

And then if you want to make a million dollars, you have to scale this up even more. So you need like 60 people. And then that's a whole different beast of having to manage 60 people.

So it's pretty low leverage. And each person on this team is somebody who can actually shoot the video, someone doing the sales, someone managing the client relationship, and then someone actually doing all the administrative, communication, whatever it may be. That's a very high level of what an agency does and how you can scale to month.

But I did not want to go down the agency model. So the next path, because I actually want to be a high performing person who makes millions of dollars, I thought that I should start teaching my expertise. This is going to be an info product, a course, whatever it may be, plus community.

Because now you can teach people your skills, make the course once and then sell it to thousands of people who just want to be where you are. So, step one, I'd had to learn video. And to learn video, this took me 2.5

years before I was making over $10,000 a month regularly by myself. I started it when I was full time in college, working a pizza job part time. So I was making about my first year, maybe $1,000 a week was a good week.

Then once I graduated that last year, I had all the time in the world. I was able to get to around ten, I think, one month. I did $13,000 all by myself, just me and a camera, and getting better and making better videos so I can charge more and getting more clients.

But that took me two and a half years to get so good at video before I realized the $100,000 opportunity, which was making an agency, then adding marketing services on top of it. And so for me to get to that 30,000, $40,000 a month range with my agency took me another 1.5 years of focusing solely on this model.

Then after really understanding video, understanding how the agency model worked, and learning a lot about marketing and sales, then I learned about info products and community. And that's where I made my first million dollar year. And guys, if you look at any of these YouTubers, alex Becker, Iman Gadji, Sam Evans, Alex Hermosi, this is everything they did to the T.

And that's kind of where I learned it. So Iman exact same thing as me, video Marketing Agency to then info products, teaching people how to grow their own agency. SMMA.

His SMMA course. And then from there, how do you get to the 10 million plus? You guessed it, software. So if you want to be an exceptional high performer in the world that makes tens of millions of dollars, the end goal is always software.

And that's what Iman has done. He uses grow your agency, his course, teaching people how to make agencies as a great way to cash flow, and then he dumps that money into his software. Alex Becker did the same thing.

His skill was SEO. Then he started an SEO agency, started making a few hundred thousand dollars per month. He then took that skill and he actually sold courses on dropshipping.

I don't know if he sold courses on SEO, but his next business was selling courses on how to drop ship, which is how I found out about him. And then he went on to take all that money, invested it into a software, and sold it for $100 million. So this is the step by step framework that people are using.

I kind of ruined this order, but this is 10 million plus. This is the step by step ladder, the step by step proven path to make your first million and then onto 10 million plus. The end goal is software.

And that's why I make videos on software on my channel. And so I want to clarify for anyone who's followed me since the beginning of this channel, way back in the web, three days to now recently with my AI content and AI software content, when I say that bubble and AI SaaS is the best opportunity in this generation, I don't mean it's the easiest business. I don't mean it's going to be the easiest way to make money.

There's no such thing as an easy business at all and you need to get that idea out of your head. Each one of these steps was excruciatingly hard. And the only reason I was able to go from zero to ten K month through video is because I was spending three, four, 5 hours a day learning every inch of a camera.

I would take the money I would make and then I would buy better lights, better microphone, better tripod, better equipment. Tens and thousands of dollars of the money I was making was going straight back into equipment so then I could charge more for my video services. But I just got so tired of having to go out and shoot every single video myself and so I started looking for a higher leverage opportunity.

And so that's what this path is. Every time you go down this path, every year you're spending, you are acquiring skills. That is the game of business.

If you want to make a million dollars, you have to acquire more and more skills and get better. And so as you acquire more skills, you get to pursue higher leverage opportunities. I see so many people who understand this, but they try to skip the skill part.

They try to skip the agency and they try to go straight to info products. They see Iman or they see Alex Becker. Or they see Alex Ramosing selling courses.

They're like, okay, they make millions of dollars selling courses. I'm going to try to sell courses. But then they try to sell courses on stuff they've never done or they try to sell courses on a skill that they don't actually have so they're not actually helping people.

And so obviously people are going to see right through that. And their social media platforms never grow. I see so many people copy my YouTube videos, copy my thumbnail, so many people are hopping on the AI automation, AI software, AI bubble, whatever, just to copy my content because they see it works for my channel, but then they're not actually doing it.

We have started multiple software companies and we are using bubble to start a software company and we are using Bubble at our agency to create internal business solutions for our agency clients. And so that's why I share it with you guys on my channel. This is not something that I'm just saying to get views.

It's something that we're actually living and breathing. And that's been true to my story to this whole path. And so I want you guys to understand that when you're thinking about your path, there's no such thing as fast money.

There's no such thing as a get rich quick scheme. You have to get good at a skill and then take that skill and look for a higher leverage opportunity whether it's an agency or whether it's learning like a niche adjacent skill. Like for me it's video.

And then I learned Video plus marketing and sales and that was how I was able to start making 30 to month. But then instead of taking my agency and trying to scale it to $300,000 per month, I decided to go into Info products because I had proven that I knew what I was doing to make my 1st $10,000 per month. And ultimately most people in the world don't ever even make $10,000 a month.

And so if I could prove that I could find a way to make $10,000 a month, I could help other people do that. And so that's where the Info Products plus community is. On top of this there was a really crazy time and opportunity with the web three space that I just naturally fell into trading NFTs and that's where we ended up making our first million dollars with an NFT based community and the NFT academy.

And so since we did these things, we had these skills, we are then credible to teach it and that's where we ended up making our first million dollars in a year. So that was the path. But now the only way to get to that 10 million plus 100 million where I want to be is software.

And so that's why I say AI SaaS and Bubble is a huge opportunity right now to make millions if not tens of millions of dollars. Because software is objectively the best business model but it is also very difficult. But all of these are difficult.

It was not easy for me to learn video. It took me two and a half years to get to the point where I was good enough at video to make $10,000 per month. Then it took me another 1.5

years on top of that where I was making 30 to month with my agency, then Info products. Since I had these compounding skills, it actually took me about 0.5 months I would say to then go from that to that.

But that's because I knew how to make videos, I knew how to market, I knew how to make websites, I knew how to make every part of the business. Since I acquired those skills, I just needed a higher leverage opportunity to then go from the so same thing with software. Software is a whole new beast.

It's much more difficult because you have to make sure you have product market fit, you have to make sure you're solving a problem that people want. But you also need to know marketing, you need to know the skills required to get in front of people's eyes. How do you actually find people to solve their problem and then convince them to let you try to solve their problem? So that's the whole different beast with software.

But the reason I am so big on bubble and the reason I am so adamant about it on my channel, I'm not trying to sell you guys a dream. This is what I would do if I had to start over. I did all of this, this path, without knowing I was doing this path until like halfway through.

I just wanted to make a video business and wanted to make money while I was in college. So I made videos for people, I was making wedding videos, music videos, whatever job I could get. Then it transitioned into a video agency or basically for companies.

And I would do marketing for local businesses with my videos on top of it. So video plus running ads for them. And then I started learning about info products and higher leverage opportunities from these people on YouTube.

But I want you guys to understand that I did each one of these in order naturally. And you can't skip any of these without having these skills or else it will never work for you. And so why I'm so confident in bubble right now is because with bubble, you can do this whole path all with one.

Because being a bubble developer, you're a dev. That is your skill. You are a developer.

But instead of having to learn how to code and use all these complex tools, you can just use bubble, which is much quicker and much faster and much easier to learn compared to code. And that can be your version of video bubble dev. Bubble freelance, our agency, we have multiple bubble freelance developers that we hire for three, five, $6,000 per month at our agency right now, we hire bubble devs for this amount.

And I know multiple people who just learned bubble just a few months ago and then made a YouTube video just making bubble tutorials and are now doing $10,000 per month from bubble development services. Okay, so you can learn bubble as your core skill, then you can create a bubble dev agency if you're good at getting clients, once you build up your reputation. And then from there, if you wanted to, you can make a bubble course teaching people how to use bubble.

But the best part of all of it is at the whole time you can skip all of this and go straight to the best business model, which is software, because you're learning bubble for yourself to work on your own software. And then once you're working on your own software in the background, you could start getting bubble agency clients to cash flow, which is the whole reason our agency still exists. So I want you guys to understand that.

I hope that made sense. I kind of jumped all over the place. But I want this video to just be more candid in my own genuine thoughts.

But this is the path to millions of dollars guaranteed. But you guys have to understand, this was 2.5 years of my life where all I was doing was watching YouTube videos on camera gear on how to make better videos, I was making music videos, I was managing a rap artist, I was doing all these different things to learn these skills.

But this skill all of a sudden now is translating to this YouTube channel. Now I'm using the same lights, all of the knowledge I had, what camera, what microphone, how to use an interface, how to sync it, how to edit quickly, how to make my lighting look like this. You guys can't see it, but there's three lights.

These are really expensive cameras, microphones to get the highest level of production. These are skills that I learned way back when. So many people want to just skip all of that and just assume they're going to be rich when you should be focusing on solely on acquiring skills.

And the only way to be successful in all of this is with obsessive learning. Okay, you guys don't understand how much time in my day I am just listening to podcasts, listening to YouTube videos. I've consumed every one of Alex Becker's YouTube videos, every one of Sam Evans videos, so many different ranges of videos.

Naval Ravikant, Tim Ferriss'podcast, everything I possibly could to learn and learn and learn and putting that really high quality information in my brain compounds for me to be able to make the most decisive linear decisions to make the best outcome possible. So that's why you guys, I'm going all over the place. But I hope this makes sense because this is exactly what you need to think.

Like if you want to make a million dollars, you need to be obsessively learning, getting acquiring as many skills as possible at a very high level to the point where you are just undeniably great at what you do. So moving on, I think that's the step by step path. I'm going to move on to the next section here.

But just to recap real quick, you need to get really good at one skill. Then you need to get so many clients because you got good that everyone wants to work with you. Then you'd start an agency where you're just more so focused on doing sales and then you hire three other people that you meet whether through upwork fiver your personal network or you train them yourself.

Find people that are just as good at you at video and then just get the deals and then just take a percentage off top. That's what an agency is. You find people who need a service and then you provide them with the person who can actually fulfill it and you're the salesperson in the middle.

That probably makes more money than the person fulfilling it. So that is what the agency model actually is. And then from there, if you get good at that, then you can make a course in a community and teach people, and then ultimately, you take that money.

If you make a million dollars, you dump that into software, which is the level that we're at right now. So that is the path to a million dollars. Plus, if you want to be a top performing person, you can go to software.

Also, just one disclaimer. You don't need to make a million dollars. If you enjoy making videos, if you enjoy doing SEO, if you enjoy doing dev, make $10,000 a month.

That is an amazing lifestyle. You can go on vacation multiple times a year, provide for your family, have a nice place to live, never have to worry about food. This is a great place to be if you're for lifestyle.

My personal goal is to make tens, if not hundreds of millions of dollars to do stuff that I've always wanted to do growing up. And so I just want to be a very high performing person. All right, moving on.

I just want to go over very quickly what it took for me to get to this level. So I talked about obsessive learning. I showed how it took about four years before I made my first million dollars and how I thought about it.

But you guys need to understand that I was constantly trying new things. So I had video as my skill, but I was constantly looking for that next step up the agency or the course or whatever it was. I always was looking for different businesses to start, and I was always using video as a way to get my foot in the door.

So very first business I started after I started making money with video was Drop Shipping puppy products. I tried to do Drop Shipping with puppy products when I was 20 in college, and I was watching Sebastian's Georgia's YouTube videos on how to do this. And I failed miserably, but that's because I just thought it would be easy.

I thought I could just make a shopify store in a day. I could make a Quick logo, and I could make an ad. So I ran my very first Instagram ad.

I made my very first shopify website. I had my girlfriend make a logo for me. I picked one product, made the worst website possible, and honestly to God, I thought that it was going to make me a millionaire.

And obviously, after two or three days, I got the website built. I ran the ad, and I spent like, $20, which was a lot of money for me at the time. And I got, like, one person to visit my website, and then I immediately blamed Drop Shipping.

I'm like. Oh, dropshipping is a scam. This doesn't work.

And so what did I do next? Next, I think I went to Amazon FBA, and I'm like, okay, I don't know enough about puppies, so I'm going to sell lights since I know about video lights. Then I did Amazon FBA, and the biggest problem with this is that I had to wait three months for my inventory. So basically, I shot a video for $1,000.

And I took all that money and bought $1,000 worth of lights from China. And I was going to try to arbitrage it and sell it on Amazon FBA and did the whole process, made like, $200. But it took me three months to make $200.

So I tried Amazon FBA and then again, same thing. I'm like, this is not I don't want to have to wait three months for product when I can just go make a video. So I just kept making videos.

And I tried a million other things. Like my girlfriend made Avatar the last airbender light boxes. Then I started doing concert promotion where I'd have artists come do concerts because one of my clients did it.

And I thought that I was going to be a really cool person throwing concerts in Kansas City. I didn't know what I was doing. And then I had one time, we had a person that wanted to start a hemp business with me.

And so I was like, okay, sure, I'm going to get into the imp business. And then what else? I've done so many different things. I had a gaming YouTube channel.

I was really big into Call of Duty. Trick shotting. So I had a gaming YouTube channel that I tried to pursue.

So I had my girlfriend make a banner, make a logo, edited the videos, made like, 20 videos. Didn't get any traction. What else did I do? I managed a rap artist.

I thought I was going to be a talent manager. There was, like, ten others. I tried so many random different things.

We started Popping, which was actually a pretty successful software I won't say pretty successful, but it worked. It was our first software venture. It's like a Disney fast pass for bar owners.

This is a little later, but then ultimately we did Wgmi Academy, wgmi Media, which is what you're watching right now, essentially. And then Wgmi Labs, which is our agency that does really well. So all of these businesses, there's like five more that I completely am blanking on right now.

But all of these businesses right here, I learned different universal skills of business. So in business, there are universal skills, and there are ten of them that I think apply to every business. And each time I'd tried one of these businesses, I was learning two or three of them, four or five of them.

And each time I was doing them, I was getting better and better. So it took me like 17 I think I say 17. I think I've actually counted.

It took me like, 17 different businesses. Before I made my first million dollars. And now looking back on it, it makes perfect sense.

I wasn't good at Dropshipping because I wasn't good as a person. I had zero skills. It wasn't anything that made sense to me.

I didn't know what you needed to do to make a successful business because I'd never seen one before. But the universal skills of business are basically finding and making a product or service. So finding a product and making the product or getting good at a service, then copywriting for the website.

Like how do you market your services if they find your website? Does it sound good? Does it make sense if you have a Dropshipping product? Are you conveying what the product does well? Are you good at storytelling? Copywriting is a skill in and of itself. And the only skill I had was video. But then you also have to get good at lead Generation or lead magnets.

Then you have to get good at marketing sales funnels. So if someone sees your ad, then they go to your website, then they go to the product page, then they convert. Or if they abandon cart, you send an email drip campaign.

So I didn't know that email drip campaigns were a thing. And then from there, running ads, that's a step of the funnel. Then actual doing like sales.

If I was doing sales for my agency or just using copywriting, that is high. Converting, then community building. Almost every business these days should have a community, or you should be thinking of it like a community.

Then cold outreach. How do you get more customers for your clients or for your agency? And then obviously making content for the website or whatever it may be, explaining your product or services through video form. So these are the universal skills that you have to learn for every business.

Every single one of these business takes someone who is good at all ten of these. If you want to make a million dollar Drop shipping store, you have to be good at all ten of these and cover all of these bases. So when I started Drop Shipping when I was 20, no shit, it didn't work.

It didn't work because I was not good. I only was good at one thing, content. That was the only thing I was good at.

And so when I tried Dropshipping and it failed, I blamed Dropshipping like a naive little kid. When in reality, if I just focused on getting good at all of these skills, copywriting, legion, funnels, emails, ads, sales, then I could have made any of these businesses work. They all would have worked perfectly fine, but I was just impatient.

And so since I started Dropshipping, tried it for three days, it didn't work. I quit. So I actually hurt myself because I wasn't spending enough time to actually get good at the skills.

If I just stuck with Drop Shipping and just really focused on. Okay, why is it not working? Oh, it's not working because my copywriting is horrible. I sound like a college kid talking to my best friend like, What Up, bro? Come buy my Puppy products.

If I learned direct to consumer copywriting or how to make sales copy, I would have converted way more people. Because that's a little optimization. Okay, maybe my ad wasn't good.

Maybe I didn't have a good offer. Maybe my lead gen, my lead magnet. Maybe free shipping wasn't a good enough enticing offer.

Maybe my funnel sucks. I didn't even know what a funnel was. So if I just spent three years straight making drop Shipping, I bet I would have been a millionaire in three Years and not five.

But since I kept jumping business to business, I couldn't get deep enough to actually figure out all the different problems and all the different moving parts that actually make a business successful. And so that's a huge lesson for anybody that's 18 to 22 or anybody trying to start their first business. Just pick one and stick with it longer than you think you need to because there's no such thing as an easy business and there's no such thing as the best business to start.

Software is the best business model objectively because it's high leverage, recurring revenue, build up brand equity so you can sell for a multiple, but that's the best business. But there's pros and cons to every business a service. You get paid way more up front, and you need one customer to make a few thousand dollars.

For software, you need like 100 customers to make a few thousand dollars. So there's going to be pros and cons to every business. So if you're watching this, just pick one and learn these skills.

This is the part of business because now I have all ten of these skills, or at least someone on my team has these skills. In reality, ten $20 million business is just going to hire someone who's the best at each one of these. You're going to hire people.

So now my only job should be content, because that is what I am the best at. I'm the best at making content, and I'm good at marketing and ads. So these are the only two things I should really be doing.

Maybe then we're just going to hire people who are the best in the world at making product. The best copywriters in the world, the best lead gen, the best email drip, campaign copywriters, the best salespeople, the best outreach team. That's the end.

Goal is to hire people who are the best at all of this. But there's no way around it. When you're starting out, you have to do all ten of these, and you have to first be aware that they even exist, which most beginners don't.

So after this video, just start chipping away, watching 20 30 hours on each topic. And I promise it only takes like 40 hours of really studying this, watching free videos on YouTube to have a good enough idea that you can make a business that makes $10,000 a month. So I just need you guys to understand this is the skills of business.

They're the universal skills of business. And if you never learn these, you're not going to be successful no matter the business model. AI automation agency, social media marketing agency, lead gen agency, whatever the fuck you're doing, you're not going to succeed if you don't focus on these.

And AI automation agencies, yes, they're going to be a big business in the future and they're not as competitive. But at the same time, social media marketing agencies are way easier to grow or to start because every business, what's the number one thing they need? They need to make money where AI automation agencies only kind of work for businesses that are already making money. The priority for that business is to get customers.

And then if you can get them customers, then they're going to add AI so they can make those customers experience even better. So that's something to think about. But I see so many people jumping into the AAA model thinking that it's like some urgent thing and you got to get in now or else you're not going to be successful.

It's not about being the first one to do something. It's actually harder when you are because there's not like a blueprint. So this is a side rant that I want to go on.

But guys, I just want to make it very clear when I talk about AI automation agencies, bubble and software, whatever it is, the reason I'm so passionate about bubble and software is because bubble is easier to learn. And you can actually sell that as a freelance service and start making a few thousand dollars a month by helping people, by building them their actual software. And in the meantime, you can build your software yourself.

And so this is another note I want to go to by going back here. Developers, people on Y combinator, people in these actual companies or that have started these big software companies did not follow this path. They probably went to college, got a software engineering degree, then they worked at a big company and they saw how a company worked and then they left to actually start making their software.

But the reason they can do that is because they're developers. They can develop the software themselves. I am not a technical person.

I needed to make money to then hire and pay developers and they're expensive. So that's why I chose this path because I did not have the development skill to go straight to software. But if you learn bubble, you have the development skill and you can build your own fucking software right away.

And in the meantime, you can actually start getting bubble development clients. So you can get paid, you can cash flow. You can start an agency, you can make a course on it.

If you want to make a few hundred thousand to a million dollars a year, then you can make a software. If you're really ambitious and you really want to work your ass off. But none of this shit is easy, okay? And AI automation agencies are not easy.

But but AI will be in every business. And so it's a huge opportunity. So moving on to the next part of this video, I'm just getting passionate because I see so many people in our community, which I love you guys, everybody please join our community.

I do weekly live events just like this because I'm here to help you guys and I'm here to show you guys and get these false beliefs out of your mind. But next, I kind of want to just go through one quick topic that I watched Alex Becker cover on a few years ago. And it didn't make a lot of sense to me, but now I see firsthand how important it is.

So he basically used what's his name, jeff Bezos, as an example for Amazon. Amazon basically is the most valuable company in the world. Maybe right behind Apple actually, but one of the most valuable as far as everyone loves using their product.

And everyone like over 50% of people in America use Amazon. So billion dollar company. But they didn't start making money for like ten years.

They started the company in the early ninety s I believe. And they didn't start making a ton of money until early to mid, late two thousand and ten s, I actually have no idea. But whole point I'm trying to make is that they were willing to go underwater for ten years before they were willing to make money.

And so this is a concept that you need to understand. How long you can go before you actually make money means how much money you'll actually make. So the longer you go before actually making money, before launching the product, the more money you can make in theory.

So with like a typical freelancing company, in three months I guarantee you could make $10,000. If I started any freelancing job right now, I guarantee you in three months I'd start making $10,000. But then you hit a wall because you can't go past that just by yourself.

You are literally constrained by your own time. So what's next? Let's go ahead. This is freelance.

What's the next example? Okay, agency. If you want to spin up $100,000 a month, agency. Now that I have all of these skills, I have all of these skills, I bet I could start an agency today and launch it by six months from now.

I guarantee you I could be doing one hundred K per month revenue with a new agency model. Because I know exactly what it takes to run an agency. I know exactly what copy, I know exactly how much to charge.

I know exactly how to position myself on sales calls since I've learned the skills over the last six years of my life. And it can be any agency, because I don't need to do the fulfillment. I just need to go on upwork, find a developer if it's a development agency, find a marketing team if it's a marketing agency.

I just find people who need this service, and then I find people who can make it, and I can make $100,000 per month, agency like that because I have those ten skills. So that's the thing with an agency, though. Now, if you want to scale past month, you need to start getting a team of 1020, 30, 40, 50 people.

Gary Vee's agency has like 900 people and does hundreds of millions of dollars. Not saying it's not possible, it's just I personally don't like the idea of managing dozens of people, because then my whole job is just this person's complaining about this person, this person doesn't feel good about this in the company. And so I want to make as much money as possible with as few employees as possible.

That's something that I had to learn the hard way. I used to have like 30 something employees, and I used to think that was a flex, when in reality it was not good financial management. And it cost a lot of money because we did not have the systems in place to properly manage and make sure everyone was doing what they were doing.

So hard. Very expensive lesson I had to learn in the last few years. But back to what I'm saying.

It takes about six months to build a company if you start today, if you want to build it right now to get to that 1st 100K month mark, I bet it takes six months to a year if you have the skills to get to 100K. But then again, you get hit with a wall because then you have to hire dozens and dozens of people to continue to scale. And so then let's go to info products.

If I wanted to today, start from scratch, it would probably take me 1.5 years to make a million dollars with a brand new info product. If I wanted to pick a completely new industry, even with the skills that I have, I would have to learn the skill.

I would have to put it into practice, I would have to do it myself. I'd basically have to start this agency, and then I have to make a course around it. And a course probably takes like six months to do the complete rollout from the idea what the concept is, what is the end goal, all of the recording of the course, then the marketing material, then the funnels, then the ads, then the webinar, then the sales copy, then the drip campaign.

These ten things are in every business. It would probably take me six months to do all of this for a brand new course, but I have to spend a year learning it. But that's the thing with Courses, they are much more scalable.

Once it's done. You can sell it forever. Now you're just doing marketing, now you're just making more ads.

Now you're just adding more channels for marketing. And so this is something that a lot of people do. Sorry for using Red, that's wrong, but whatever.

But this is the thing with Courses is you can make a million dollars, probably $10 million. I believe Iman's probably making like $10 million this year off his course. Grow your agency and educate.

But again, you hit that hard wall because there's only so many people that you can sell to in that market. So that is the problem with Courses. But then software, every billion dollar company in the world these days is a software company.

Facebook, Airbnb, Uber, you name it, these are companies that if you solve this problem, it's a small problem, but you can solve it to every person in the world. The total addressable market for software is massive if you pick the right market. And so for me, I think if you want to make 10 million plus, sorry for that 10 million plus software going to take you three to five years.

If you're great, if you have the right idea, you've done all of this, you see a problem, probably take you three to five years to make $10 million plus Iman. I guarantee you his agency flow. Basically what he does was video to a video agency, a marketing agency, teach people how to make marketing agency.

And then he made a software that helps marketing agencies run their business better and so it all adds into each other. I think he probably started that whole journey five years ago, maybe a little longer. And I guarantee you his agency flow software is worth over $10 million.

And this is what I am working for right now. This is the step that I am on. Iman's already is doing it right now.

Alex Becker already did it again. Alex Becker did. SEO.

SEO agency. Then he did a Drop shipping course and then he did Hiros for 110,000,000. Alex RamosI started a gym, then he started helping other gyms get clients.

Then he started licensing his system, aka how to run ads and how to grow your gym with gym launch. And then on top of that, he had this company called Allen, which was like a chat bot kind of, I think it was an AI chat bot way before its time for gym owners with their lead management system. And then now he's doing acquisition.com

and he's going to be a billionaire from that. Because basically, if you guys don't know, alex Ramosi's whole business model is he's learned all of this. He mastered these ten skills, absolutely mastered them over the last ten years.

He's a little older he's 33, so he's had more time. That's all it is, is time in the game. Not trying to take anything away.

You're a genius. But besides the point, he's been in the game and he's mastered this. He knows how to run a gym.

He knows how to grow a gym. He knows how to help people grow gyms. And then he also knows how to build software to make gyms run even better.

And so now what he does is he makes YouTube channel content to help people get better. And then once they get their business to a few million dollars a year, he helps them scale to $30 million because he's done it before. And so he gets equity in the businesses just for helping them skip all the mistakes that he did.

So since he ran the whole race himself, he's credible and he can immediately tell people, hey, you're doing this wrong. You need to add this to your business. You need to hire this person.

So now he gets equity in these businesses. And that's the billion dollar, 100 million dollar billion plan. But we're not going to cover that.

So that's what I want you guys to understand. If you choose freelance or you choose agency, that's the fastest way to make $10,000 as a freelancer. But you get capped at $10,000 a month.

You can't go any further. So then you have to start from scratch and start an agency. Then you do the agency great.

I'm making one hundred K a month, but my life's not that much different. There's a ton of expenses. I'm only making like twenty K, thirty K profit, which is great.

But I want to be a millionaire, so I need to actually make a course. You're restarting. Every time I did one of these, I had to restart.

So I had to learn about the problems, learn about the business model. I had to relearn how to do everything and start from scratch. That means new funnel, new copy, new content, new ads, and so it sets you back.

So every time you switch business models, you are setting yourself back and you are shooting yourself in the fucking foot. So stick to one business model and work on it longer than you think you need to. I literally have a friend who made a million dollars, drop Shipping.

Thought he was on top of the world at 22 years old. Million dollars drop shipping. Then he's like, okay, Drop Shipping is not going to work out.

I'm going to start a brand. He started a I don't want to say the company because they're not coming on my podcast because they don't want to say the company. But their companies worth over $100 million and it's selling a physical product now.

It's in Walmart and CVS after four years of doing it. But at the two and a half year mark of them running that business, they were in a really bad position. And they didn't know if it was going to succeed.

But then a year later, they stuck it through, added more channels, added affiliates, added all these different ways to grow their business, made their product better, and now their company's all of a sudden worth hundreds of millions of dollars. Number one thing he said to me was just work on the same business for longer. That was his difference from a million dollar business to 100 million dollar business is dropshipping.

He was just choosing a quick product that was trendy, selling it as soon as possible. And the second that it wasn't profitable, he went on to the next product. And so the hardest he could go was a million dollars with his drop shipping products.

But once he stuck with one brand and went through those ups and downs and when he realized there was just popular times of the year and then while there were slow times, he worked on infrastructure and more marketing channels. That's how he got to 100 million dollar business. So that's what you guys need to understand.

Every business model works. But are you good enough to make that business model work yet? If not, go spend time learning more skills, acquiring skills, obsessively learning, acquiring skills, obsessive learning. Then put it into action.

Okay? That is basically the thought process and the proven step by step way to make your first million dollars. That's exactly how I did it. But I'm going to show you guys my thought process now to how I want to go to tens of millions, if not hundreds of millions of dollars.

So this is for all the people. I mean, if you don't really care about me, this is your first time watching me in the video doesn't really matter. But if you followed me for a long time, you're part of any of my projects.

At any point you have watched my content. This is going to be pretty insightful because it's kind of complex, but there's a method to the madness. So we have three main businesses, all under the Wgmi brand.

So I have Wgmi media so my media company and then we have Wgmi Labs which is our agency. And then we have Wgmi Academy which is our education info product business. Okay? So this is basically a newsletter.

We have like 70,000 people on the newsletter, an Instagram account with like 200K people almost. Then we have a blog that gets 500K people per month, SEO on our website reading our articles, and then obviously the podcast if you watch this channel. So that is our media arm of our company.

Okay? And the whole goal of this company is attention. We want attention because attention is one of the most valuable things in business today. Look at MrBeast.

He's creating a billion dollar chocolate company just because he has such a big audience and he has so many people's attention. His content has nothing to do with chocolate, but he's going to build a chocolate company off the back of it. Same thing with prime and KSI.

So then we have Wgmi labs, which is basically just we're building internal business solutions. So if you are in my community, we show one of our clients, one of the products or services we made for our clients. It's an internal dashboard.

We take all nine of the software tools he uses with APIs, and we put it all into one dashboard. So anybody on his team can email their customers from one place, they can talk to each other in one place, they can look at the progress and tracking. They automate their whole business.

It's super valuable. And we charge anywhere from like 50 to 100,000. We've had clients that are close to seven figures for a single client.

And this is mainly dev and marketing agency. And so this is something that we only have because it cash flows. The only reason we have this agency is to cash flow so we can make money and dump it into our software.

But before I get there, I want to go over here. So we do internal business solutions. We'll do some marketing and then dev of anything people need, basically.

And then Wgmi academy is going to be course and community. And why we do this is trust and feedback. All of these are designed to flow and funnel into software.

Why? Because software is the best business model. Alex Becker's done this. Everybody end goal is software.

Sam ovens did this. Sam ovens was a consultant. Then he started consulting.com.

Then he started selling courses on consulting.com, was doing like $60 million a year. And he said, screw all of this.

I'm going to go all in on a community software platform called school. And so the reason we are building these now, the reason I make this content, the reason we have our website, the reason we have Instagram, the reason I do the podcast, the reason we have agency clients, the reason we're doing internal business solutions. We're doing AI software for these companies.

The reason we're doing marketing and dev services with our agency is to cashflow to pay developers to build us our software. So we're doing the content for attention so we can promote our software. We're doing agency work to cash flow to pay for our developers and our software.

And then we're doing Wgmi academy and making courses and community. So we can give sell those, let's not sell those people our software, but if they do use our software, we get feedback from them and we can actually make the product better. And so this way we can understand people's problems.

That's the best way to put it. We want to build trust and get feedback from our customers in our community. So that is really why our three companies exist.

So we have a media company for attention, an agency to cash flow. And then Academy is to basically build trust and get feedback from people on what problems they're having so we can make our software tools better. That is what our business is.

Okay? And so why I want to go over this one is just to show you guys how we think about it. But two is because on this channel I feel like I am kind of going to be confusing people a lot because a lot of people are used to following YouTubers who do one thing right, like emon. If you want to go to Emon, you're going to learn SMMA.

You're going to learn social media, marketing agency. And that person teaches that one thing because that's their business model where we I'm kind of all over the place. I'm telling you guys.

Do AI bubble SaaS? It's the best opportunity right now. Do an AI automation agency because it's going to be in every business. Make a newsletter.

I'm probably going to start talking about how you should make a newsletter, because our newsletter, we started like, four or five months ago, and we're able to get it to 70,000 people. And I think this month we're going to make $8,000 in the first month of taking sponsors. And that's just off of sponsors.

We can also plug any of our products into here. If I want to plug the Course, we can plug it into the Podcast. If I want to plug our software, we can plug it in the newsletter and I can plug all of our products on this media content.

So that's why that Exists, to either Grow Our businesses or to kind of cash Flow, to pay for Our Expenses, pay for our Writers, pay for our Developers, whatever it may Be. So I want you guys to understand this. Right here is the step by step process.

And so when I say bubble and SaaS and AI is the best opportunity, it's the best opportunity meaning it's the best business you can build. But if you're just trying to make a few thousand dollars, don't do a software right away. Make sure you have this section checked.

Make sure you have a skill that you can sell as freelance or an agency. Now, I think Bubble is great because you can do all four of them. Like I mentioned before.

But when I talk about AI automation agencies, the only reason I talk about those is because people are really interested in it right now. And it's going to be huge. But I just run agencies for the last three or four years and we've done really well.

And every agency is ran the same way. No matter what service you offer whether you're offering AI, whether you're offering marketing whether you're offering design, development they're all the exact same. You're just connecting people who need a service to people who can make the service, and you get a cut off the top.

And so I know how to run an agency. And AI makes sense. The only difference is who is your target demographic, who is your avatar? How do you get in front of these people? Are people that want AI on Facebook or are they on LinkedIn? Okay.

They're on LinkedIn. Okay. How do I message them? What position in their company would be interested in the service? And so that's why I talk about the agency, because it's one of the four pillars.

I talk about software because it's the best opportunity if you want to make a million, 10 million, a hundred million dollars. And that's what I'm working on right now. I'm trying to make tens, hundreds of millions of dollars through AI software, and we're using Bubble to do it.

And so I think it's a big opportunity also an AI agency, because I think every company will need AI, and it's a new service that the market will want. And since it's new, you can probably charge way more than SMMA, which is saturated. But that doesn't mean SMMA doesn't work.

It's just what do you want to do? And so you need to learn a skill. Do you want to run ads? Do you want to learn bot press? Do you want to learn Figma design? It can be anything. And then make an agency around it to cash flow.

But the end goal is always software. Does that make sense? That is the method to the madness. And so on this channel, I make scripted videos that are very concise because they're for educational purposes.

They're just there to help you understand the opportunity. I'm not going to go in full depth on courses on how to run an agency. Go watch Iman, go watch other people on YouTube about that if you want to.

I am just sharing with what I think are good opportunities and trying to help you think about how to think about these opportunities in my community every week. Free community. Wgmedia.com

I'll link it in the bio. I will answer any of your questions if you have specific questions about your agency, because you're making ten K a month and you want to learn how to make fifty K a month, come in there and ask me. I do them every single week and they're completely for free.

So this point of this channel is for me to share all these different aspects that I've learned on my journey on how I'm trying to make ten, $100,000,000.01. Of the lessons could be I'm doing too many things, and if I just focus on one, maybe these could be worth $100 million. And since we're doing so much, maybe that's a problem.

I saw an Alex Becker video on that, and that makes me worried. But we're doing okay. And I think if these kind of exist in cash flow to pay for the software, we can then use the media to grow the software, and then we can get feedback and help the community with our software that makes sense to me.

And so that's what I teach on this channel. So I'm going to go all over the place. I'm going to teach AI SaaS.

I'm going to teach AI Bubble SaaS. I'm going to teach agencies with internal business solutions how to make internal dashboards for companies. I'm going to teach newsletter.

I think a newsletter opportunity is really big based on my conversation with Tyler Dank, the founder of Beehive. Going to be a great podcast episode. Go watch that next week.

But what he told me about the whole newsletter business makes me want to make a lot of videos on newsletters because absolute beginners can make a lot of money with newsletters now. So I want you guys to understand, I'm not just trying to sell you guys all these different dreams. I have lived all of this and I'm just trying to make my scripted ten minute, 15 minutes videos help expose as many people as possible to the idea and the concept.

But understand always guys, there is no shortcut. You can't just skip the skill and the agency and go straight to an info product. Can't I'm sorry.

That's life. That's how it works, okay? You have to get good at this and this is going to stairstep you into the agency to make more money. And then once you get good at that, then you're allowed to teach people.

And then you have a lot of money from teaching people. Then you can get millions of dollars into hiring real developers to build real software. Now bubble, ultimately you can make real software with Bubble.

But there are slight limitations. But we're using Bubble to build our software and we don't think that's going to be a problem. So guys, that was the training I wanted to make.

I wanted to make this video this way so you guys can actually see my thought process and I could actually have a more candid relationship with you guys. Again. I'm going to say it one last time.

The purpose of my videos is to educate very concisely and I script every word myself to save you time and to show you opportunities and so you understand concepts. If you want specific, detailed questions, join my community and come ask me firsthand. I answer all my DMs in there.

I'm on there every single week, live. You can come up and talk to me completely for free. That's where I'll answer any detailed questions.

But my audience is kind of a mixed pool of web. Three people, AI, agency people, software people now. And so I'm going to make this different varying content because it all does tie together.

But I understand how it can be really complicated to you guys, the viewer. This is Divine, by the way. Divine, my guy who always comments on my podcast.

This video was inspired by our conversation in the comments of the last podcast. But I can see how it can be confusing for people that I'm like jumping all over the place. So hopefully this helped you connect the dots on how I think about it.

And hopefully this helps you guys kind of plan out your business plan, business model. And again, really try to avoid doing the mistake I did of trying starting all these businesses. Because this was months of my time.

Months of my life weeks of my life months of my life months of my life months of my life wasted when I should have just focused on just getting really good at video, then making a better agency and then making a course on that. If I just stuck to this path, I would have made a million dollars in three years instead of five. So, guys, I'm going to end it there.

If you enjoyed this video, if you like this format, I did not do any planning for this video other than lightly planning the sketch, but all of this was off the top. I can pump these out all day. So if you liked this format, please let me know in the comment section and like the video, because that will help the algorithm and more people and that will incentivize me.

But ultimately, tell me in the comment section what you thought about this video. If there's anything you'd want me to cover, if there's any confusion, if there's any questions you have about me or my businesses, I am an open book and will tell you every detail. If you want to know more about earlier stages, middle stages, why this YouTube channel was created, anything you want to know how to grow a YouTube channel, I am happy to make videos on it, but I'm going to keep making content that I think will help you guys.

Hopefully, this kind of connects all the dots. So that's the video. Hope you guys have a wonderful day.

Really appreciate everybody that watches. I don't say that enough or if I do, it's like at the end of a video that's kind of like performative, but I really do appreciate every single one of you that watch the video. I was lucky enough to have an entrepreneur father, go to business school and then be a full time entrepreneur my whole life.

And I'm just so passionate about helping people on their entrepreneurial journey. I just get genuine fulfillment out of it. So join our community so I can help guide you, because I've done this relentlessly and I think I'm in a position where I can actually help a lot of people since I've been in it for so long and so deeply.

So thank you. Thank you to everybody watching, to the channel. Hopefully you got value from it.

Other than that, watch the next podcast that's coming out with Tyler Dank. You'll learn a lot there. Other than that, have a wonderful day, as always, I will see you in the next one.